Link to Blazor docs in IIS sub-application section (#30632)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/host-and-deploy/iis/advanced.md

An ASP.NET Core app can be hosted as an [IIS sub-application (sub-app)](/iis/get-started/planning-your-iis-architecture/understanding-sites-applications-and-virtual-directories-on-iis#applications). The sub-app's path becomes part of the root app's URL.

Static asset links within the sub-app should use tilde-slash (`~/`) notation in MVC and Razor Pages. Tilde-slash notation triggers a [Tag Helper](xref:mvc/views/tag-helpers/intro) to prepend the sub-app's pathbase to the rendered relative link. For a sub-app at `/subapp_path`, an image linked with `src="~/image.png"` is rendered as `src="/subapp_path/image.png"`. The root app's Static File Middleware doesn't process the static file request. The request is processed by the sub-app's Static File Middleware.

> [!NOTE]

> > `*.razor` components should not use the tilde-slash notation. [Blazor app base path documentation.](xref:blazor/host-and-deploy/index#app-base-path)

Reviewer: A quick suggestion on phrasing to match our styles ...

```suggestion
> Razor components (`.razor`) shouldn't use tilde-slash notation. For more information, see the [Blazor app base path documentation](xref:blazor/host-and-deploy/index#app-base-path).
```

An ASP.NET Core app can be hosted as an [IIS sub-application (sub-app)](/iis/get-started/planning-your-iis-architecture/understanding-sites-applications-and-virtual-directories-on-iis#applications). The sub-app's path becomes part of the root app's URL.

Static asset links within the sub-app should use tilde-slash (`~/`) notation in MVC and Razor Pages. Tilde-slash notation triggers a [Tag Helper](xref:mvc/views/tag-helpers/intro) to prepend the sub-app's pathbase to the rendered relative link. For a sub-app at `/subapp_path`, an image linked with `src="~/image.png"` is rendered as `src="/subapp_path/image.png"`. The root app's Static File Middleware doesn't process the static file request. The request is processed by the sub-app's Static File Middleware.

> > [!NOTE] Blazor apps should not use the tilde-slash notation. [Blazor app base path documentation.](xref:blazor/host-and-deploy#app-base-path)

Author: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> Blazor apps should not use the tilde-slash notation. [Blazor app base path documentation.](xref:blazor/host-and-deploy/index#app-base-path)
```
